JSDK 2920: simulcast getstats (#1132)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

---------
- Fixed a bug where a Participant in a large Group Room sometimes gets inadvertently disconnected with a [MediaServerRemoteDescFailedError](https://media.twiliocdn.com/sdk/js/video/releases/2.7.2/docs/MediaServerRemoteDescFailedError.html). (JSDK-2893)

> - Fixed a bug where `getStats()` returned stats for only one of the temporal layers of a VP8 simulcast MediaStreamTrack. With simulcast enabled, to get information about local tracks you should look at all matching track sids returned by `getStats` (JSDK-2920). For example following function returns bytes sent on a given video track:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where `Room.getStats()` returned stats for only one of the temporal layers of a VP8 simulcast VideoTrack. Now, you will have a `LocalVideoTrackStats` object for each temporal layer, which you can recognize by the `trackId` and `trackSid` properties. (JSDK-2920)
```

```js

>   async function getBytesSentOnLocalVideoTrack(room, trackSid) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  async function getBytesSentOnSimulcastVideoTrack(room, trackSid) {
```

Author: I think it's better to use generic name, as this function *does* work non-simulcast tracks.
